whew oh my babe do you bake yeah so cold
hey guys what's up maybe i2j parks the
promise music video the yucks
yes oh yeah yeah it's okay yeah it means
I promise well no I mean from promise
because the hands at the end hand means
to do so so either way the English time
everything is in order
okay clearly this didn't come out the
29th July okay smells like some gospel
some southern music
Oh
he's going in it just starting mean
where else
I feel good no I need it looks like I
need
no sure I know that's classy
oh why would you put it
I'm here mom like I can't do this no
come on my style
his body whoo I saw his pecs synonymous
go stamp it stamp yeah well maybe your
brain wasn't welcome like you just see
what standing there
she loves some greasy type so you got
Jackson Park I understand be Jackson
stupid daggers I think we're pretty even
know what will you call my screensaver
guy ugly but anyway guys guys that was a
good song as I was like it was that so
you get why it's funny yeah baby yeah
I'm gonna go watch welcome now we're
there I know okay what you doing
watching there's a video still being
upheld you know somebody can go up and
turn the camera off I mean
bye guys we'll see you my own still
watching here Mars always let us finish
the video
why does my rate go up because we didn't
sign up yeah I'll give it welcome back
like I'm numb
stay bye goodbye
Oh Jillian hopes to stand oh so okay